README.md, before:

# 05_Public_API_Requests
 Awesome Startup Remote Employee Directory
 -We are a distributed company with employees working around the world.

 About the project

    This webpage is an Employee Directory.
    It will display 12 employee profiles from the free api "randomuser.me/api".
    Users can click on each employee card for more information about that employee, which will display in a modal window.

    This webpage is built with css, html, and javascript. 

8/30/2021
Gap in display is fixed. Show the content was needed.
Next is the SEARCH.!


8/29/2021
Exit button works
Next button works
Back button works
There is a gap in the display of modals which is causing an error to occur moving back and forth and opening and closing.
Special attention to the last and first position gaps
   prevent 0 needs to be implemented.


8/25/21
Settled on a simple css style, not much different from the original. I may change it.
Dob.date birthday has been formatted.
non-state information is an incorrect statement. It should be ingnored.


8/22/21
Happy with the simple style.
some CSS tweeking
Needs code snippets: dob.date formated. non-state information used
exit button
next and back buttons
Search implemented



08/20/21
Works. Cards and modals populate.
 Card clicked idendified.
  Found modal window that matches clicked card.
   Modal window made visible with click.
Need close, next, and prev buttons to work
Need search feature implemented.

Commit message:

SEARCH is almost done.    needs:       display modal, the filtered list.       move through filtered list.       close filtered list.       do not destroy anything. Do not corrupt the DOM. allow user to choose what they want to search. Defaults to name.

README.md, after:

# 05_Public_API_Requests
 Awesome Startup Remote Employee Directory
 -We are a distributed company with employees working around the world.

 About the project

    This webpage is an Employee Directory.
    It will display 12 employee profiles from the free api "randomuser.me/api".
    Users can click on each employee card for more information about that employee, which will display in a modal window.

    This webpage is built with css, html, and javascript. 


8/31/2021
SEARCH is almost done.
   needs:
      display modal, the filtered list.
      move through filtered list.
      close filtered list.
      do not destroy anything. Do not corrupt the DOM.
allow user to choose what they want to search. Defaults to name.



8/30/2021
Gap in display is fixed. Show the content was needed.
Next is the SEARCH.!


8/29/2021
Exit button works
Next button works
Back button works
There is a gap in the display of modals which is causing an error to occur moving back and forth and opening and closing.
Special attention to the last and first position gaps
   prevent 0 needs to be implemented.


8/25/21
Settled on a simple css style, not much different from the original. I may change it.
Dob.date birthday has been formatted.
non-state information is an incorrect statement. It should be ingnored.


8/22/21
Happy with the simple style.
some CSS tweeking
Needs code snippets: dob.date formated. non-state information used
exit button
next and back buttons
Search implemented



08/20/21
Works. Cards and modals populate.
 Card clicked idendified.
  Found modal window that matches clicked card.
   Modal window made visible with click.
Need close, next, and prev buttons to work
Need search feature implemented.
